welcome to the wonder how to 4-minute
hit a juku makeover i'm here with
celebrity stylist Damon Hamilton how are
you Damon hi how's it going it's great
now you start with the purple eyeshadow
right yes yes what I'm doing is pressing
the eyeshadow on which eliminates all
the excess powder from dropping onto her
cheek it looks like you're sort of cat
eyeing like sort of bringing it to a
point at the edge of our I i am defining
I'm putting the contouring in right now
because asians tend to have a flatter
lid and I want to bring some dimension
into her eyes so are basically contoured
now what are you doing with this goal
that's a beautiful color of gold what
how is that so reflective I don't know
Aspen night but what I'm doing is the
opposite i'm actually highlighting the
larger part of her lid and i'm actually
going right over her eyebrows yeah
that's fascinating huh yeah there's
really no rules to make up it's sort of
do whatever you want and if people like
it they like it if they don't they don't
but it's not really for them as for us
what about this rose color you're using
on the edges they're right underneath
the gold just sort of adding some more
dimension I sort of start out with a
color I pick a color and then I'll go
stay in the same tones and I'll either
go lighter or darker
just for some more accent the
application are using for this blue
underneath the eyes it seems like you're
sort of starting at the lash and going
down I took an angle sash brush I loaded
the brush with color and I go right up
into the lash line and I press along the
line it gives me a more defined line I
might pull down a little bit from the
lash just to give it a little more
smokey look or widen the line what about
this green the chartreuse is a highlight
color I needed something more on there
to popper eyes out so I chose that is it
difficult to put on these fake eyelashes
it is if you don't know what you're
doing but it took me a little while to
figure out how to do it and if you want
to see how to apply false eyelashes you
can watch one of Damon's other videos at
wonder how to calm what I've done is
placed a small amount of glue along you
don't want to use too much it gets messy
yeah you did use a little bit too much
there so and it's okay if you use too
much glue your eyes might stick together
but you could just pull it apart it's
just latex if you're allergic to latex
make sure you pick the right glue there
anything we should know about the blush
have her smile so you can see the apple
of her cheeks put a little color on the
apple of her cheeks and depending on the
shape of her face angle the color to
give her a little
to her face what about the cross that
you just did on her lip that is a
starting point for me to define her lips
it's called the Cupid's bow and i'll do
an ex right over the Cupid's bow and
then connect the lines it looks a
connected on it looks like you worked
your way out from the center of the
Cupid's bow X there and why are you
using such a dark outline I wanted to
bring some dimension to her lips so I
started with a dark color on the outside
and then stuck with the same tone and a
little lighter on the inside and blended
them together then I go over with a high
gloss to make them pop even more and
then you'll notice I'd like that high
gloss almost looks like water that high
gloss really does look like and then
what's this this is just a little
highlight and I've pulled the color from
her I into her lip sort of bring the
painting together if you will and now
I'm applying a little mascara to
highlight that lashes a little more I've
bent the shape of the mascara wand just
to have a little more control you get a
little mascara on just wipe it off with
a q-tip what about over here have them
flip their head hair upside down spray a
little hairspray gives a little volume
it can be messy but I had on go wow look
at the difference see that the
transition she went through from start
to finish and that is your wonder how to
perish
I'd like to thank my guest Damon
Hamilton world-famous makeup artist you
can find all of his videos at wonder how
to calm and thanks for coming in and
thanks for having me for it